Apptentive doc updates (#66)
mParticle/docs: src/pages/integrations/apptentive/event/index.md

* Message Center - Turn your mobile app into a communication channel with Apptentive’s two-way messaging capability. Gather feedback and communicate directly with customers through the app. 

Analysis:
* Fan Signals™ - Capture, analyze, and act on the feelings of your consumers, building critical emotion data over time. Fan Signals enables customer segmentation tied to categories of emotion to help you predict churn, boost revenue, and retain customers throughout their mobile journey.
* Customer Insights - Dig into open-ended feedback received across App and Play Store reviews, Message Center conversations, and free-form Survey responses. Through machine learning, Insights identifies and stack ranks significant phrases found across all open-ended feedback, visualizing how your customers feel. Understand the _why_ behind your data. 

## Supported Features

Apptentive will process the following events forwarded via this integration. However, event attributes will not be available within Apptentive.

* Custom Events
* User Attributes

## Prerequisites

> In order to enable mParticle’s integration with Apptentive, you will need your Apptentive App Key and Apptentive App Signature for each respective app and environment which you can get from Apptentive's [API and Development](https://be.apptentive.com/apps/current/settings/api) page. If you need assistance to get an account, you can contact your Apptentive representative or reach out [here](mailto:support@apptentive.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to enable mParticle's integration with Apptentive, you will need your Apptentive App Key and Apptentive App Signature for each respective app and environment which you can get from Apptentive's [API and Development](https://be.apptentive.com/apps/current/settings/api) page. If you need assistance to get an account, you can contact your Apptentive representative or reach out [here](mailto:support@apptentive.com).
```

end
~~~

~~~Java
//Sample build.gradle
dependencies {

>     compile ('com.mparticle:android-apptentive-kit:4.+')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    compile ('com.mparticle:android-apptentive-kit:5.+')
```
